MONGOID-5381 Correct map_big_decimal_to_decimal128 feature flag default and write 8.0 release note (#5338)
mongodb/mongoid: docs/release-notes/mongoid-8.0.txt

  p registry.data
  # => Mongoid 7: "data!"
  # => Mongoid 8: <BSON::Binary:0x2600 type=generic data=0x6461746121...>

``Decimal128``-backed ``BigDecimal`` fields
-------------------------------------------

Mongoid 8, introduces the ``map_big_decimal_to_decimal128`` feature flag, which
allows values assigned to a field of type ``BigDecimal`` to be stored as type

> ``Decimal128`` in the database. In Mongoid 7 and earlier, and in Mongoid 8 with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``String`` in the database, for compatibility with Mongoid 7 and earlier. In Mongoid 8 by default and with
```

Author: done

this feature flag turned off, values assigned to fields of type ``BigDecimal``

> were stored in the database as Strings. In Mongoid 8, with this feature flag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are stored in the database as ``BSON::Decimal128``.
```

Author: done

> on, values assigned to fields of type ``BigDecimal`` are stored as type

Reviewer: And this needs to be adjusted also.

Author: done
